Changelog updates for Individual release of drivers (#2091)
ni/nimi-python: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Make your change.
1. Verify all tests, including the new ones, pass.
1. Update CHANGELOG.md for customer-visible changes.
    * If the change applies to all generated driver bindings, put the change into all drivers.

>     * If it only applies to a single driver binding, put the change in the section associated with that driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Update CHANGELOG.md for customer-visible changes.
    * Put the change into the Unreleased section for each package that it applies to.

Author: Resolved

1. Make your change.
1. Verify all tests, including the new ones, pass.
1. Update CHANGELOG.md for customer-visible changes.

>     * Put the change into the Unreleased section for each package that it applies to.
>     * DO NOT MENTION: Internal-only changes like refactors or test improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Put the change into the Unreleased section for each package that it applies to.
    * If it's a common change for all the packages, include the `(Common)` string before the newly added change in [CHANGELOG.md].
    * DO NOT MENTION: Internal-only changes like refactors or test improvements.
```

This line should be in the place where we add changes, not where we delete them. We may ultimately decide to remove the "(Common)" prefix in these changes, because users probably don't care and may be confused by it, but I'm fine with keeping it for the initial change.

Author: Yes. It makes sense. Updated

    1. Ensure no commits are made on ni/nimi-python/master until the release is complete
    1. Create and checkout a branch for release-related changes

>     1. Update [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)
>         * Delete empty (i.e. No changes) sub-sections under "Unreleased" section 
>         * Remove the Unreleased section from the TOC if there are no changes for those drivers.
>         * If it's a common change for all the drivers, include the `(Common)` string before newly added changes in [CHANGELOG.md].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)
        * For packages that are releasing:
          * Delete empty (i.e. No changes) sub-sections under "Unreleased" section 
          * Remove the Unreleased section from the TOC if there are no changes for the package.
```

Author: Updated Jay

    1. Ensure no commits are made on ni/nimi-python/master until the release is complete
    1. Create and checkout a branch for release-related changes
    1. Update [CHANGELOG.md](./CHANGELOG.md)
        * For packages that are releasing:
          * Delete empty (i.e. No changes) sub-sections under "Unreleased" section 
          * Remove the Unreleased section from the TOC if there are no changes for the package.

>         * Change the "Unreleased" header to the version of the release
>         * Change [Unreleased] in TOC to the version of the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          * Change the "Unreleased" header to the version of the release
          * Change [Unreleased] in TOC to the version of the release
```
Completely missed this.

        For example: 
             ```bash
            python3 tools/build_release.py --drivers nidcpower --upload
            ```
        * You will need to type in your PyPI credentials
    1. Merge the pull request to origin/master
    1. Create a release on GitHub using the portion from the changelog for this release for the description
        * Add the ZIP files under `generated/examples` for each module as a release artifact.
        * This should trigger the [check_latest_release](.github/workflows/check_latest_release.yml) workflow. Check the [results](https://github.com/ni/nimi-python/actions/workflows/check_latest_release.yml) before continuing.
1. Post-Release Steps
    1. Create and checkout another branch for post-release changes
    1. Update the module versions. 
        * Refer to the "Perform Version Bump" section under "Pre-Release Steps."
        * Commit to branch
    1. Clean and build to update generated files with new version
        * `python3 tools/build_release.py --build`
        * Ensure that all changes made as part of build command are specific to intended drivers.
        * Commit to branch
    1. Update changelog

>         * Copy Unreleased section from the bottom of the changelog. Modify the driver name in the example and TOC. Paste the modified section at the top of intended driver's changelog and add a corresponding link to it in the driver's TOC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Update changelog
        * Copy Unreleased section from the bottom of the changelog. Modify the package name in the example and TOC. Paste the modified section at the top of intended package's changelog and add a corresponding link to it in the package's TOC.

Author: Resolved
